Introduction to the conclusion:

In our time spent with this material, we have become aware of a few outside influences that may have negatively impacted the nature of our data. 
Firstly is an obvious point we came to early on in our research, which is the simple fact that these letters were being sent between 
soldiers and thier families back home. Naturally, as to keep morale on the homefront high, it stands to reason that the content in these
letters will not fully reflect the headspace a soldier finds himself in while in the trenches. Second, we became aware of rampant censorship 
that most likely effected what could be included in these letters. It stands to reason that if a letter detailing the exact plans of a particular
regiment fell into the wrong hands it would lead to a massacre. Additionally, if word of how horrible the conditions were in the trenches made it 
back to the homefront, it would destroy public opinion of an already unpopular war. Lastly was a self imposed problem in our research, that being the
language barrier we faced while assembling our corpus. Since we did not have any native French or German speakers on our team, we were naturally limited 
in the number of letters we could draw on for our research. Now, we could have used translations of these works or our limited understanding of the afformentioned 
languages to work through a few letters from France or Germany, but we felt that would leave out the neuances of the letters that would be lost in translation. 
With this in mind, we were able to observe a notable change in both emotion and the wartime factors present within the letters over time. 
This change is not only illustrated in the inverted bar charts on our Analysis page, but also in the below table. 

The conclusion to the conclusion: 

As outlined in the chart, the overall emotional state of the soldiers seems to trend more positive as the war comes closer to an end, with 1916 being the
only year that sees a majority of the letters trend Negatively in terms of emotional statements. On looking at the trend of this data, we were able to 
come to two solid end points. Firstly, we agreed that as the war raged on, soldiers wanted their families back home to hold onto hope they would return. 
With this in mind, we concluded that this trend was caused by soldiers willingly exempting certain elements from their letters as to keep hope alive 
in the loved ones they left behind. Secondly, as mentioned in the above paragraph, censorship was exorcised heavily against the soldiers who wrote these
letters. As such, it can be assumed that any sensitive information relating to preparations, the specifics of battle, etc. may have been removed from 
these letters before they were sent back home. This alone would remove two of our major wartime factors that we identified as closely tied to negative 
emotional responses from our data set. Without the prep and battle factors present in our data set, we were left with the more ambiguous factors that 
did not have a strong enough correlation with a particular emotional response. This brings us back to the positive trend within our data, which we cannot 
confidently correlate to an actual increase in positivity among the mental health of soldiers from the first world war. There are far too many outside 
factors that may have influenced the data to do so. Perhaps with a more extensive corpus that covered more of the war as a whole we could have found 
a stronger correlation. However, as our data stands now, we can only correlate that the mental wellbeing of soldiers in the first world war gradually 
improved over time, as a majority of the letters reflect a positive trend in the emotional factors we were able to identify. 
